#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.2.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via nltk
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
datasets[tensorflow,torch]==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via tensorflow
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
gensim==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.13.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
keras==3.9.2
    # via tensorflow
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.8
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
namex==0.0.9
    # via keras
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   gensim
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow
optree==0.15.0
    # via keras
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via datasets
pillow==11.2.1
    # via sentence-transformers
praw==7.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prawcore==2.4.0
    # via praw
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via datasets
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   prawcore
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
    #   update-checker
rich==14.0.0
    # via keras
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   gensim
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via gensim
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.19.0
    # via datasets
termcolor==3.0.1
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers[sentencepiece]==4.51.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   optree
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via praw
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via praw
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   smart-open
    #   tensorflow
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
